hello today we have a review like
water & chic 344 13 is our novelty from
layer on android 4 4s bright good
dual camera display
4 gigabyte built-in quad
processor
then we went to see
a complete set of phone but goes itself
phone
1800 milliamp battery also goes
micro usb cable
1 amp charger with the release of the game and
headset to well the border is not the usual hand
brass but instruction and warranty
let's examine the phone itself from the front we
see the front camera on 2
megapixel light sensors and
approaching the ear speaker from below
earpiece speaker cover smartphone
located on 2 standard bag rkka in
The first slot works 3g and a memory card
micro sd supports up to 32 gigs
let's put on the back cover back
he has soft-touch cover also if
see here is the call
speaker bottom
8 megapixel main camera already with
autofocus flash and dual diode
flash also on this side is
compartment for removing the cover
so let's consider the body right
side of the button to turn it on
unlocking top charging socket
micro usb headphones three and a half with
left side of the smartphone and rocker
volume from the bottom of it
earpiece for smartphone
done perfectly nothing backlash
squeaks from the sides so beautiful imitation
metal back cover is very comfortable
soft-touch coating but in general it is very
thin smartphone turned out
so let us now turn it on
We look at the display that's unlocked
display size here is 4 7 inches of it
540 by 960 pixels in 107 resolution
24-bit lion colors mats see
use tft pisi
but it is immediately noticeable display already
turned out bright clear
Chroma no claims method
also thai it works well what
no sticking let's look at the menu
but here stands the standard shell
android android 4 4 but widgets stand
also androids all sorts of programs
Navitel is already installed initially
navigation costs a couple of games
classmates but the main functions are
such a shell standard androids
check the power of the device let's go in
antutu
let's see how much the device we typed
the device scored 18,500 17 points so
We look at its characteristics android 4 4 2
but not worth the processor with 4 core
mediatek mt6582 and
1300 gears video accelerator mali 400 m
tenge gigabyte of RAM 4 gigov
built-in memory card up to 32 gigs
micro sd
standard set at this cost
fillings 18 517 is also a standard ball
this level of smartphones at this price in
Basically it's not bad
work navigator through Yandex maps and
navigation
let's try to put the project
so we went to the club everywhere
behind the gingerbread so the route is built quickly
The card is loaded well, quickly everything
works well let's check work
cameras push the camera go no and
give you pics a couple of photos then
lay out the quality look so another
let's make a cupcake like him
focuses here focused text from
for if when there a 8 megapixels
dual LED flash and
autofocus this image quality and
video and sound sound good loud
the picture also transmits hara after
realistic no complaints
sound and saw all the good viewing angles
apparatuses he dried bones prokhorovka
dead trigger
it 's all okay without lags
cool sound nice graphics
traced no complaints on the game
no
warrior chase all the joints
completely playable
guys play as brinner
someone here can be 3d graphics
but
we are coping well
it's playable soup is good to play then too
not white informal that test
toy bugs, too, on schedule any
matters years already 3d graphics everything
well drawn
sound good hovering like a taxi
playable is very interesting to play because
that the phone pulls yay let's
let's summarize what he gets for his
the cost of a good thin phone
interesting from the comfortable back surface
soft touch that doesn't slip quite well
camera 8 dual flash processor already
the quad basically pulls everything on
Hurray! Everything works quite well.
unloaded android shell
so that not too many extra widgets
all during the test showed himself to
good side of the machine well, no glitches
lag I did not find the principle to whom
like you can safely take the device
it turned out not bad at all bye
subscribe to the channel of the company put
likes see you on the internet